Hyundai Grand Starex Overview
One of the most common sights here in the Philippines is the Grand Starex; Hyundai Philippines' entry in the passenger and utility van segment. Being a tough and durable machine, this van is capable of seating up to 12 people. The Hyundai Grand Starex’ proven reliability has catapulted the Korean brand’s sales performance. Joining the ranks of the popular Toyota Hi-Ace and the Nissan Urvan, the Hyundai Grand Starex’ edge lies on its user-friendliness and generous space inside the cabin, making it an ideal vehicle for long drives. The Hyundai Grand Starex van is powered by a 2.5L VGT CRDi diesel engine that comes with a five-speed automatic gearbox, equipped with manual mode. Safety and security features include dual front airbags, Anti-lock Braking System (ABS), and Electronic Brakeforce Distribution (EBD).

Technology Features

For infotainment, the Hyundai Grand Starex has a 8-inch floating infotainment system. The head unit comes with Radio, MP3, Aux-in, USB, and Bluetooth capabilities. The minivan also comes with a full-auto climate control system. Steering is assisted by a hydraulic power steering system with tilt adjustment for the steering wheel. USB chargers are also present in the vehicle two of which are located in the second row.

Launch
Platform, Chassis and Powertrain

Powering the Hyundai Grand Starex is a 2.5-liter CRDi VGT turbo-diesel engine that is Euro 6 compliant. The diesel powerplant produces 168hp and 451 Nm of torque. The only available transmission for the vehicle is a H-Matic 5-speed automatic. For suspension, the Starex has MacPherson with coil springs at the front and a rigid axle 5-link with coil springs at the rear.  Stopping power comes from disc brakes at all four corners. 

Chassis
Class	van
Body Style	4-door van
Platform
Layout	Front Engine, Rear-Wheel-Drive
Platform	Hyundai TQ platform
Powertrain
Engine	2.5L TCI SOHC 8V
2.5L CRDi VGT DOHC 16V (Euro 4)
2.5L CRDi VGT DOHC 16V (Euro 6)
Power Output	99hp, 226 Nm of torque
168hp, 441 Nm of torque
172hp, 451 Nm of torque
Transmission	5-Speed Manual
5-Speed H-Matic Automatic

Launch
The second generation of the Hyundai Grand Starex entered the Market in 2007 and got a facelift in 2018. The minivan serves as the Korean automaker’s entry into the segment. It is powered exclusively by a turbo-diesel engine. Power is sent exclusively to the rear wheels via an automatic transmission. The vehicle can also be had in a 9-seater three-row configuration

Technology Features

For infotainment, the Hyundai Grand Starex has a 8-inch floating infotainment system. The head unit comes with Radio, MP3, Aux-in, USB, and Bluetooth capabilities. The minivan also comes with a full-auto climate control system. Steering is assisted by a hydraulic power steering system with tilt adjustment for the steering wheel. USB chargers are also present in the vehicle two of which are located in the second row

Exterior

The Hyundai Grand Starex comes with projector type headlamps, halogen fog lamps, LED rear combination tail lamps, side garnish, side sill molding, sliding doors, lift type tailgate, flush glass, a rear spoiler with a high mount stop lamp, power side mirrors with folding with LED side repeaters, and rear under view mirror

Interior

On the inside, the Hyundai Grand Starex comes with Brown leather seats,  LED room lamp, rearview mirror with day and night functions, trip computer, cruise control, and central door locks, power windows.

Safety

For safety, the Hyundai Grand Starex comes with dual front airbags, side airbags. The minivan also comes with ABS, EBD, electronic stability program, and back warning system.